Docs: Add note about YAML reserved words in ConfigurationProperties (#12427)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/config/configurationProperties.adoc

For example creating a subclass of `EngineConfig` with `@ConfigurationProperties('bar')` will resolve all properties under the path `my.engine.bar`.

[NOTE]
====
YAML Reserved Words
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When using YAML configuration files, certain words are reserved by the YAML specification and will be automatically converted to boolean values. This includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using YAML configuration files, certain words are reserved by the YAML specification and will be automatically converted to boolean values. These include:
```
